The following appeared as a letter to the editor from a Central Plaza store owner.
"Over the past two years, the number of shoppers in Central Plaza has been steadily decreasing while the popularity of skateboarding has increased dramatically. Many Central Plaza store owners believe that the decrease in their business is due to the number of skateboard users in the plaza. There has also been a dramatic increase in the amount of litter and vandalism throughout the plaza. Thus, we recommend that the city prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza. If skateboarding is prohibited here, we predict that business in Central Plaza will return to its previously high levels."

Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have the predicted result. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommendation.
(wc 153)

In this argument, the author claims that the decreasing of shoppers in Central Plaza is due to the popularity of skateboarding increased dramatically. In addition, if the city prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza, the business in Central Plaza will return to its previously high levels. However, the argument is flawed in that it relies on several unwarranted assumptions that seriously call into quesion its cogency.

First of all, the author asserts that the decreasing of shoppers in Central Plaza is due to the incrseacing popularity of skateboarding. However, she maybe base on an oversimplified causal relationship. very likely, but not necessarily, other factors are deliberately ignored as the possible cause for the decreasing of shoppers in Central Plaza. It is highly possible that the decreasing of average incoming of native residents contributes to the decreasing of shoppers in the city, not only in Central Plaza, the shoppers in other shopping center may decrease too. Besides, it is also possible that the goods saled in Central Plaza are more expensive than other shopping center, so shoppers are more willing to go to shop in the more saving one; or perhaps there are some newer and bigger shopping plaza are built, shoppers used to shop in Central Plaza may prefer to go to the newer and bigger one. Therefore, without considering the other contributers, the author cannot justify her causal analysis in the statement.

Second, the writer assumes that the dramatic increase in the amount of litter and vandalism throughout the plaza is the result of the increasing popularity of skateboarding. Unfortunately, this assumption is unfounded. It is highly possible that the environment regulation of Central Plaza is looser than before, so the amount of litter and vandalism increase dramatically. In addition, it is also possible that the spend on cleaning and conserving of the Central Plaza decreased, so that the less workers work as cleaner the more litter and vandalism; or perhaps, there are more publich activities are hold in Central in order to attract customers, so the litter and vandalism are more than before. Without ruling out these possibilities, the author cannot convince me that the dramatic increase in the amount of litter and vandalism throughout the plaza is the result of the increasing popularity of skateboarding.

Third, the author states that many Central Plaza store owners believe that the decrease in their business is due to the number of skateboard users in the plaza. However, there is no firm evidence show that the owners are representative. It is possible that these store owners are intentionally selected because they don't like skateboarding users in plaza. In addtion, the author said many owners, but how many of total number of owners? It is highly possible that only a small part of owners blame skateboarding on their business decrease. Thus, lacking evidence to eliminate those possibilities, we cannot regard these owners' words as scientifically directed methodalogy.

Last, the author assumes that if the city prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza, the speaker predicted that the business in Central Plaza will return to its previously high levels will happen. However, the author neglects the fact that two years ago and now might be two totally different situiations. Two years ago, the Central Plaze might be the biggest shopping center in the city, so that majority of native people would like to shop there; however, there maybe some newer and bigger shopping center in the city. Besides, it is highly possible that people who live in the city have more choices than two years ago, they prefer to spend money on travelling instead of shopping; or perhaps, they would like to go to anther city for shopping, it is different experience. Therefore, without ruling out these possibilities, the author cannot justify her prediction and convince me that the business will return to previously high levels in Central Plaza if the city prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza.

To sum up, unless the author can furnish with further illustrations to address all above problems, the whole argument can merely remain less cogent. 