The following appeared in a letter to the editor of the Balmer Island Gazette.
"On Balmer Island, where mopeds serve as a popular form of transportation, the population increases to 100,000 during the summer months. To reduce the number of accidents involving mopeds and pedestrians, the town council of Balmer Island should limit the number of mopeds rented by the island's moped rental companies from 50 per day to 25 per day during the summer season. By limiting the number of rentals, the town council will attain the 50 percent annual reduction in moped accidents that was achieved last year on the neighboring island of Seaville, when Seaville's town council enforced similar limits on moped rentals."
Write a response in which you discuss what questions would need to be answered in order to decide whether the recommendation is likely to have the predicted result. Be sure to explain how the answers to these questions would help to evaluate the recommandation.
(wc 158)

In this argument, the author asserts that by limiting the number of moped retals can contribute to reduction in moped accidents. However, unfortuantely, her argument filled with assumptions and loopholes that seriously call into question its cogency.

First of all, the writer claims that by limiting the number of mopeds rented by island's moped retal companies from 50 per day to 25 per day will lead to the mopeds accidents decreases. However, she may base her conclusion on an oversimplified causal relationship. Very likely, but not necessarily, other factors are deliberately ignored as possible cause for mopeds accidents. It is highly possible that the government enhances the regulation of native traffic, such as fine the people crossing the road illegally, so that the mopeds accidents may decrease. Besides, it also possible that if the government limits the number of mopeds rented by the rental companies, the native people may go to buy one moped since it is a popular form of transportation. Thus, the mopeds accidents may increase instead of decrease in the end. Therefore, without considering these other contributers, the author cannot justify her causal analysis in the statement.

Second, the author assumes that there are no relevant differences between Balmer Island and the neighboring island of Seaville, and thus policy of limiting mopeds renting number can be easily applied to that of Balmer Island. However, the author maight negelct that Balmer Island and the neighboring island of Seaville are totally different entities. It is highly possible that on Seaville Island, the native people do not like using moped as a tool of transportation, they prefer driving. There are only few of individuals who likely uses moped, thus by limiting the number of mopeds rented by rental companies can lead to moped accidents decrease straightforwardly. In addition, it is possible that the people live on Seaville Island are more likely to obey the traffic law. 
