In this argument, the author claims that deer population in Canada has declined due to they cannot follow their old migration patterns. In order to support her conclusion, she adopts the following evidence: first, citing reports of local hunters the deer population has cut down; second, ice melting triggered by global warming makes effect on the decreasing of deer numbers. Although initially appealing, alternative evidence should be provided before the author...

First of all, the author assumes that the hunters' report is reliable. However, it is possible that arctic deer have many years been chasing around, nowadays deer become more alert in danger of human and thus are better in hiding in themselves. As a result even the deer population is actually remain stable, the observe number is much smaller than before. Hence, the author should better draw evidence from more trustworthy resources rather than simply rely on report of random hunters. Otherwise, there is nothing to explain in the first place.

Futhermore, the author clearly assumes that the global warming trend is significantly enough to impact Canada's arctic region where arctic deer live. However, granted that much ice is beginning to melt, it may happened in places warmer than where the deer reside. In fact, this area maybe still quite cold and the ice is frozen almost the entire year. Thus the migration pattern of deer has not been influenced at all. The global warming cannot have been the cause of declining in deer population. Therefore, the author should provide more specific information regarding the extent to which ice has molten around this region or her conclusion can only remain questionable at...

Last, even if ice has begun to melt where the deer travel and even if the population of deer has drastically decline, it doesn't entail that the drease result from the melting of ice, clearly, the author assumes that no other causes can equally account for the phenomenon. However, perhaps the contagious and deadly disease spread the deer population or perhaps the local hunting activites have become much more intense than ever, or maybe the number of other predators has grown significantly. All those possibilities if true would help explain the decline. Thus the author needs provide other information regarding to help explain.

In all, unless the author can furnish with futher illustrations to address above all problems, the whole argument can merely remain less cogent.